C: Movie: Routine Exam?
When a nervous and untested nurse (Judy Davis) gets caught in a power outage at the hospital, she fears her life is going to fall apart, but eventually learns to console herself with the knowledge that she's just a nurse and has a routine exam next.

C: Movie: In The Shadows?
A family of secret ninja warriors have to keep their skills secret even from their own children after their clan is targeted by an evil clan of ruthless ninjas.

C: Movie: Status Update?
A dark satire on the superficial nature of social media, this film stars Sam Rockwell as an anonymous blogger who decides to throw in the towel after years of anonymous stalking.

C: Movie: Lost Letter?
A runaway train and a lost love give birth to this heartwarming family comedy that mixes farce, action, comedy and tragedy, it's an original silent film never before released on DVD.

C: Movie: Morning Sunrise?
When the end of the world is nigh, a group of vampires run a neighborhood bar and contemplate the meaning of it all as their last day on Earth ticks away.

C: Movie: Telephone Tag?
After a wild night of partying, a couple's attempts to sleep off their hangovers lands them in the middle of a hostage crisis.

C: Movie: Peace Out?
A high school kid (Lamont Johnson) has his life turned upside down when he is admitted to a Zen monastery, where he must do battle with a bad warlord on the bottom of a mountain and a sadistic psychologist.

C: Movie: Fancy Pants?
This 1992 film stars comedian Robin Williams as the voice of a cartoon penguin of similar size and demeanor to the comedian's real life persona.

C: Movie: The Unknown?
A wandering sea captain (Jack Palance) on a quest for the fountain of youth finds himself on Antartica in search of the elixir of life and a woman to share it with. You'll never find out what happens!

C: Movie: Miniature Dollhouse?
This hilarious short tells the story of a small town dollhouse maker (Michael Clarke Duncan) who has been hired by the U.S. government to build an exact miniature version of the White House.

C: Movie: Shopping Addict?
In this cute short, a man is advised to take a day off from the mall to spend time with his girlfriend. His advice? "Eat, eat and eat some more!"

C: Movie: Dream Catcher?
A little girl and her pet cat travel to a mysterious land in search of Papa, a lost circus ringmaster. The little girl befriends a dragonfly that can talk, "dream catching" a reflection of her pet, and learns to fly all on her own.

C: Movie: The Greeter?
In 1998, an international team of MIT students were chosen to receive a grant by NASA to create a manned flight simulator in microgravity. In 2001, NASA invited the MIT students in to conduct a realistic test flight, only to find that the simulator was even more realistic than they had imagined.

C: Movie: Cozy Night?
A mysterious stranger (Rudolph Valentino) crashes a seance and starts raving about a sinister plot to destroy ... children's movies.

C: Movie: World Map?
A group of test tube babies who have never seen a map decide it's time to travel around the world. They find themselves in one of the saddest and most hopeless places possible: the Statue of Liberty. One of the most obscure films ever made, "World Map" is also a poignant commentary about the power of imagination and of being able to see yourself into other people's lives

C: Movie: Random Wink?
Named after Princeton University's idiosyncratic and eccentric president, Woodrow Wilson once said, "I am a brain, and the whole world is my brain." This is the story about how he became president.

C: Movie: Holding Hands?
A group of grade school children, visiting a zoo, attempt to help the animals escape, by holding hands.

C: Movie: The Voyage?
A curiosity-mongering scientist releases a series of exotic animals into the wilds of Africa that soon turn on one another and the whole world, making it their mission to destroy humanity.

C: Movie: Apple and Oranges?
This film, set in the ancient Roman Empire, stars Burt Lancaster and Laurence Olivier. At a time before the Roman Empire was really "Roman", they must outwit a rival tribe to possess and protect the near priceless Apple of Truth.

C: Movie: Eavesdropper?
After being fired from his job as a waiter at a swanky restaurant, Bertram Kittleson gets to work on making the jukebox play his favorite songs, until the owner (Jack Benny) figures out what he is doing and forces him to perform "The Eavesdropper's Song" which he does, very well!

