C: Who is/was Homer Louis Randolph III?
This bygone stylist to the stars was in every glam rock music producer's Rolodex in the 1980s, as she defined the big hair and gold chain excess of bands like Poison, Motley Crue and Def Leopard.

C: Who is/was Donna Owens?
The woman who set the precedent of legally marrying her cat. This precedent was only made possible by a bizarre loophole in the California marriage code that is still referred to as the Garfield Clause. The entire fiasco perpetrated by Ms. Owens and her beloved was a novel way of offsetting her tax burden during the divorce from her husband.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
Famous for stealing the show as a cantankerous audience member at several comedy clubs in the 1940s, she famously would interrupt the comedian and start making her tetchy jokes about their performance.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
The loquacious poet and master musician who wrote Ode to Dionysus glorifies the over-indulging of wine and subsequent incoherence.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
The audacious American industrialist walked away from his fortune in the 1890s to search for the lost city of Troy in modern-day Turkey. He established his place in history by using dynamite and a close reading of the Iliad to search for clues about where to excavate.

C: Who is/was Mansa Musa?
The stage name for Herbert Jones Walker, Mansa Musa, renowned creator of the jazz-funk genre of music, is famous for his proteges, jazz star Herbie Hancock and funk legend George Clinton.

C: Who is/was Mansa Musa?
The charming Moroccan medicine man who is said to have demonstrated pseudoscientific breakthroughs in alchemy to a traveling party of scouts of the Spanish crown who ended up surrendering a significant amount of actual gold that, legend has it, is now buried underneath a lone palm tree in the Sahara.

C: Who is/was Derek Smith?
The infamous inventor of the Whoopee cushion is the mogul of practical jokes to all except the person who unknowingly sits on it.

C: Who is/was Derek Smith?
Hailed by broadcasters as a miracle of modern medicine, this stalwart NFL player had his ACL surgically repaired with a triumphant return to the gridiron only two seasons later in 1981.

C: Who is/was Kathleen Casey?
The Conservative California Congresswoman sponsored the life-saving bill that increased the legal drinking age from 18 to 21 in 1987.

C: Who is/was Kathleen Casey?
The female pioneer of NASA’s Astronaut Training Program was excluded as NASA’s selection for the woman in space because her name was not deemed memorable by NASA’s internal public relations focus groups.  Instead, NASA opted to send a cadet with a catchy name, Sally Ride.

C: Who is/was Jean LaFoote?
The most highly decorated Canadian Olympian of the 1950s, this downhill maestro is credited with pioneering the slalom skiing style.

C: Who is/was Mary Hays?
The pen name of American and writer Laura Ingalls Wilder, author of the Little House on the Prairie series of books whose writings describe the life of the pioneering family before the Great Depression and were greatly based on her own childhood.

C: Who is/was Aída Cantera?
This self-aggrandized, politician, activist, philanthropist, and Argentinian aristocrat who famously owned 1 million shoes is the biographical inspiration behind Andrew Lloyd Weber's musical Evita was born into poverty.

C: Who is/was Andrew Balmford?
The Olympic phenomenon set a record when started as Center for the Denver Nuggets against the Portland Trailblazers on December 12, 1984.  Never before had an Australian-born player played in an NBA game.

C: Who is/was Andrew Balmford?
This unschooled Scottish dock worker invented the pendulum-free timekeeping device that effectively solved the problem of longitudinal navigation in the mid-18th Century.

