C: Movie: Sssssss?
2004 documentary that uncovers the network of private small-scale reptilian zoos spread across the Southern United States

C: Movie: Go tell the spartans?
In this film Lilly, Tommy and Ophilia are tasked with the daunting responsibility to steel each other's high schools mascots costumes. Hilarity ensues as the children engage in hijinx and pranks to reach their goals!

C: Movie: Go tell the spartans?
When a shy teenager Mikey has a history report due on Sparta or face the prospects of summer school, his wacky uncle (Tom Seleck) lets him use the family time machine to gather some firsthand accounts. Unfortunately, they end up in Athens, and hilarity ensues!

C: Movie: The cheap detective?
This 1982 screwball noir stars Steve Martin as an intentionally fledgling gumshoe who guarantees he won't crack the case in order to corner the market on high profile scandals better left covered up

C: Movie: The cat from outer space?
Yet to be produced, this optioned screenplay sat in legal limbo for much of the 1940s as Warner Brothers debated giving Sylvester and Tweetie Bird their own spin-off franchise

C: Movie: Heartbeeps ?
Taking creative inspiration from Andy Warhol's 12 hour film sleep, avant garde filmmaker Sasha Zizek won international acclaim for his 2013 Tate Modern exhibit that depicts an industrial robot hooked up to a cardiac monitoring device played on a 12-hour loop

C: Movie: High-Ballin'?
Mistaken for a disgraced and reclusive psychoanalyst, an earnest mailman played by Peter Sellers inadvertently picks up a new client base when he delivers a package after hours to a 5th avenue penthouse gala

C: Movie: The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course?
The Outback isn't big enough for the two of them! Steve Irwin and Crocodile Dundee face off in a series of Aussie based challenges, like going toe-to-toe with a boxing Kangaroo and wrestling wild crocs to see who can claim the title of Croc King of Australia!

C: Movie: International velvet?
In this sequel to "The Velveteen Rabbit"; MI-6 drafts the Rabbit for a top secret mission that ultimately spans six countries and 3 continents in a race against time to thwart a terrorist plot to destroy all the carrots in the world (thus reducing everyone's eyesight) planned by a mysterious organization headed by an evil genius known as "Mr. MacGregor"

C: Movie: International velvet?
high fashion meets frivolity in this 1978 comedy starring Carole Burnett as the runway model whose embroidered velvet jacket is rumored to bestow eternal youth upon the wearer

C: Movie: Bad Boys (1983)?
The music video to the Bob Marley song "Bad Boys"

C: Movie: Bad Boys (1983)?
Fun for the whole family, this PG-rated film re-imagines a new kind of kindergarten by swapping the 5 year old delinquents with the teachers as a days-long recess pilot threatens order at a local elementary school

C: Movie: Bye Bye Monkey?
A zookeeper has second thoughts after selling his favorite monkey to a travelling circus, and must travel across the country, battle a pack of angry giraffes, and discover the true meaning of love before reuniting with his soul mate Kiko

C: Movie: Bye Bye Monkey?
One of the final installments of the original Curious George series, this 1963 animated movie made at the height of the Cold War sees George launched into space to make diplomatic contact with an alien civilization before his cosmonaut rival

C: Movie: Throw Momma From The Train?
Moose (Lou Ferrigno) just can't seem to let loose, until he takes a midnight train and finds himself in the caboose sitting next to Mother Goose trapped in rhyming verse. You're gonna want to take a gander at this action packed thrill lander!

C: Movie: Throw Momma From The Train?
An overlooked gem the golden era of Hollywood's silent movies stars Charlie Chaplain as a  bankrobber who is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma

