C: What is quingenarious?
A sense of euphoria and relief a new mother has after giving birth to a set of quintuplets

C: What is roseate?
Also rosiate. To get a warm feeling in your stomach after a nip of whisky on a cold day.

C: What is quilombo?
Qui! lom! bo! Is sung in high pitched joy by young children in this children's game nearly forgotten by time. The game involves three gifts given to each child, one from their mother, one from their father and another from one of the other children.

C: What is quilombo?
An exclamation shouted by children in South and Central America, usually at a 15th birthday party following the breaking of a pinata (sadly, the last pinata of the child's life) signifying the transition into adulthood.

C: What is shantung?
The final note in the classical Chinese music scale (as opposed to 'Wang Chung", the first note). Fun Fact: the band Wang Chung nearly picked Shan Tung as their name... Everybody Shan Tung tonight!

C: What is acierate?
Pronounced "Ace-y Rate". The statistical probability a poker player will receive all four aces during a deal of 5 card stud.

C: What is foehn?
The German spelling of "phone"

C: What is monachise?
The commercial and franchise rights of Leonardo Da Vinci's painting "Mona Lisa" (currently owned by the Louve)

C: What is larvivorous?
Describing a decadent butter pastry dessert made with at least 8 parts butter to 1 part flour.

C: What is saburration?
Moniker of the last officially court jester for the British Royal Crown; the role was de-commissioned in 1922 by King George in an effort to modernize the monarchy after WWI

C: What is Homer Louis Randolph III?
This bygone stylist to the stars was in every glam rock music producer's rolodex in the 1980s, as she defined the big hair and gold chain excess of bands like Poison, Motley Crue and Def Leopard

C: What is Donna Owens?
Donna Owens Was the first woman to ever marry her own cat; this was only made possible by a strange loophole in the California marriage code, that until this day is still referred to as the Garfield clause. The entire fiasco actually was perpetrated by Ms. Owens and her beloved as a scheme to win an argument with her recently divorced husband.

