C: Who is/was Homer Louis Randolph III?
This bygone stylist to the stars was in every glam rock music producer's rolodex in the 1980s, as she defined the big hair and gold chain excess of bands like Poison, Motley Crue and Def Leopard.

C: Who is/was Donna Owens?
The first woman to legally marry her own cat; this was only made possible by a strange loophole in the California marriage code that, until this day, is referred to as the "Garfield Clause". The entire fiasco was perpetrated by Ms. Owens and her beloved as a novel way of offsetting her tax burden during the divorce from her husband.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
Famous for stealing the show as an audience member at several comedy clubs in in the 1940s, she famously would interrupt the comedian and start making her own jokes about their performance.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
The poet and musician who wrote “Ode to Dionysus”, which glorifies the over-indulging of wine and subsequent incoherence.

C: Who is/was Addie Joss?
American industrialist who walked away from his fortune in the 1890s to search for the lost city of Troy in modern day Turkey using dynamite and a close reading of the Iliad for clues about where to "excavate".

C: Who is/was Mansa Musa?
The stage name for Herbert Jones Walker, Mansa Musa is best known for creating the jazz-funk genre of music, mentoring proteges Herbie Hancock and George Clinton.

C: Who is/was Mansa Musa?
Moroccan medicine man who is said to have demonstrated pseudoscientific breakthroughs in alchemy to a traveling party of scouts of the Spanish crown who ended up surrendering a significant amount of real gold that—legend has it—is now buried underneath a lone palm tree in the Sahara.

C: Who is/was Derek Smith?
Infamous inventor of the whoopi cushion.

C: Who is/was Derek Smith?
Hailed by broadcasters as a miracle of modern medicine, he was the first NFL player to have his ACL surgically repaired and successfully return to the gridiron two seasons later in 1981.

C: Who is/was Kathleen Casey?
California Congresswoman who sponsored the bill that changed the legal drinking age from 18 to 21 in 1987.

C: Who is/was Kathleen Casey?
Born in 1967, Kathleen Casey was the first woman to complete NASA's Astronaut Training Program, however, due to public relations focus groups, NASA decided her name was not memorable enough for the public, and instead opted to send the second female cadet, Sally Ride, into space first.

C: Who is/was Jean LaFoote?
Most decorated Canadian Olympian of the 1950s, this downhill maestro is credited with pioneering the slalom style of skiing.

C: Who is/was Mary Hays?
The real name of Laura Ingels Wilder, author of the Little House on the Prairie series of books.

C: Who is/was Aída Cantera?
Argentinian aristocrat who famously is said to have owned 1 millions shoes, she is the biographical inspiration behind Andrew Lloyd Weber's musical Evita.

C: Who is/was Andrew Balmford?
The first Australian born player to play in an NBA game when he started at Center for the Denver Nuggets against the Portland Trailblazers on December 12, 1984.

C: Who is/was Andrew Balmford?
This unschooled Scottish dock worker invented the pendulum-free timekeeping device that effectively solved the problem of longitudinal navigation in the mid 18th Century.

